README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/68428dfb9d1613d87ed3/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/68428dfb9d1613d87ed3/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/test_coverage)

Difference-Calculator is a Python console cly-utility that compares two files in 'json' or 'yaml'(yml) formats and outputs the result of comparing (differences) between them in different formatter

### **Requirements:**

|  TOOLS | VERSION   |
|-------:|-----------|
| python | "^3.10"   |
| pyyaml | "^6.0.2"  |


### **Tools in this cli-utility**:

|  TOOLS | VERSION |
|-------:|---------|
| Python | 3.10    |
| Pytest | ^8.3.2  |
| Flake8 | 7.1.1   |


**Examples**

Generating json-files differences:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/UF8VryWz6nQnKuSXniB5yx5Xl.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/UF8VryWz6nQnKuSXniB5yx5Xl)

Generating yaml_files differences:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fdpkckdoZyPEGhISNgHkdtSJt.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fdpkckdoZyPEGhISNgHkdtSJt)

Commit message:

Some refactoring in plain.py & parser.py, also new files in README.md

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/68428dfb9d1613d87ed3/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/68428dfb9d1613d87ed3/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/AntiViruS90/python-project-50/test_coverage)

Difference-Calculator is a Python console cly-utility that compares two files in 'json' or 'yaml'('yml') formats and outputs the result of comparing (differences) between them in different formatter

### **Requirements:**

|  TOOLS | VERSION   |
|-------:|-----------|
| python | "^3.10"   |
| pyyaml | "^6.0.2"  |


### **Tools in this cli-utility**:

|  TOOLS | VERSION |
|-------:|---------|
| Python | 3.10    |
| Pytest | ^8.3.2  |
| Flake8 | 7.1.1   |


**Examples**

Generating json-files differences:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/UF8VryWz6nQnKuSXniB5yx5Xl.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/UF8VryWz6nQnKuSXniB5yx5Xl)

Generating yaml_files differences:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fdpkckdoZyPEGhISNgHkdtSJt.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fdpkckdoZyPEGhISNgHkdtSJt)

Generating differences in the "plain" format:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/M6FdrM011d0DUNtrFFUH9KhbM.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/M6FdrM011d0DUNtrFFUH9KhbM)

Generating differences in the "json" format:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/LnAEPX5Ao8J0jPtM38lSK9rpG.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/LnAEPX5Ao8J0jPtM38lSK9rpG)

Generating differences for files with a nested structure:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fpLDkdq3EHCvsi3BZZeyFbGYD.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fpLDkdq3EHCvsi3BZZeyFbGYD)
